logical integrity  for station (#636)
usnistgov/FIPS201: _FIPS201/requirements.md

The following forms of protection **SHALL** be provided by either inherent capabilities of the station or staff at the station location:

* ensuring that only the applicant interacts with the station during any session,
* ensuring that the physical integrity of the station and its sensors is maintained at all times, 

> * ensuring that no malicious code is  introduced to compromise or otherwise exploit the station and the PIV Card. General good practice to mitigate malicious code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ensuring that no malicious code is introduced to compromise or otherwise impair the station and the PIV Card. Security practices to mitigate malicious code
```

The following forms of protection **SHALL** be provided by either inherent capabilities of the station or staff at the station location:

* ensuring that only the applicant interacts with the station during any session,
* ensuring that the physical integrity of the station and its sensors is maintained at all times, 

> * ensuring that no malicious code is  introduced to compromise or otherwise exploit the station and the PIV Card, and

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* ensuring that no malicious code[^malicious] is  introduced to compromise or otherwise exploit the station and the PIV Card, and
```

> * ensuring that no malicious code is  introduced to compromise or otherwise exploit the station and the PIV Card, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ensuring that no malicious code is introduced to compromise or otherwise impair the station and the PIV Card, and
```

[^believe]: A reasonable basis to believe occurs when a disinterested observer with knowledge of the same facts and circumstances would reasonably reach the same conclusion.

> [^malicious]: General good practice to mitigate malicious code threats is outside the scope of this document (see [[SP 800-53]](../references/#ref-SP-800-53) for a catalog of security and privacy controls for federal information systems),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[^malicious]: Security practices to mitigate malicious code threats is outside the scope of this document (see [[SP 800-53]](../references/#ref-SP-800-53) for a catalog of security and privacy controls for federal information systems),
```
